Kilmarnock had won five of their last
six meetings with hearts the wins is
difficult time of late for Kumar neck of
course Pascal II there's Ashcroft but
out came McDonald who did really well
hunt to get there first Mahara could
still be on here for Kilmarnock next
away by McGowan for a corner Moberg
Carlson's free-kick in force Callie won
it
Ashcroft inches away McCarty with the
corner his mcghees header I think he
knows this was a good chance and look at
the amount of space he had at the back
post
plus e note looks up the line nicely
done by Michael guarding McKenzie using
his piece McKenzie across and it's gone
in off Danny Wilson nothing the center
back could do about it
he gets the condolences of his former
Rangers teammate Chris Boyd Boyd to
Chloe
this piece in front of him course he
whips it in MacDonald offers lying well
again this time it was McKenzie who was
just inches away
well one by Patterson carrot gives chase
one carrot wins the race until Carrick
is equalized
just three minutes after hearts went
behind they are level and it is deal
character nineteen-year-old almost
chasing a lost cause great piece the
ashcroft waited character Stoff Boyd
Garden Boyd
still going Chris Boyd the finish was
simple in the end but it was a
barnstorming run from Chris Boyd
bullying his way through the hearts
defense McKenzie cut out by Wilson Tessa
lock it's done well guard I mean across
the Boyd's
inches away for Chris Boyd he just
scored a minute ago and what looks like
the last touch came off Makati Mackenzie
Mackenzie running into open space
Rory Mackenzie across Boyd and the
second attempt and from point-blank
range
Chris Boyd scores this time it's two in
the space of two minutes Mackenzie did
so well down the left and Boyd battered
it home King King fires across and met
by Nicholson
parts are right back in it Sam Nicholson
with his second goal for the club team
on horsey
finds that into the feet abide guy dine
well heads great save by McDonald tipped
onto the crossbar Nicholson notice a lot
or great skills from your own tehsil are
now across and God I next time as the
goal his first for the club tassel are
look at that for some silky skills to
set up Michael guard a from just two or
three yards out
Scali Sleater Nicholson hits it back
over the top for Chris Boyd surely this
for the hat trick
well perhaps Boyd just took the extra
touch probably the simplest chance of
the ones he's had
guard I look very lively today through
for Boyd's McGowan did very well indeed
to get back
Boyd was just about to pull the trigger
for the hat trick the catty hot flank -
fashion final opportunity McCallum gets
up but there is a flag up from the
assistant referee King's Cross
McCallum said up but it is chopped off
subscribe now for free and catch all the
action on SPFL youtube